Logic tree of user input as aethetic tree

What is Infinite Dive?

The Problem of Repetition in Education: repetition is used in order to create skills and store information, but repetition itself devalues or numbs the meaning or significance of the purpose of the skill in the first place. For example, we teach the concept of limit in calculus by calculating the points of a function leading up to either a number, an infinite, or an undefined. We teach the idea of "approaching" or "proving" a value, without the context of why in reality we would need to solve something in such an indirect way. The truth is that there are restrictions on the mathematical game construct we are playing. Everything up until calculus is a natural development from the fundamental concepts of arithmatic and geometry. But in calculus, we begin working within a new science of approximation with theoretically infinite measures. Before now, you could always solve for x, because we were always given an equation which is by default a truth, which can always be transposed into a single solution or a singlular set of solutions. In calculus, we are forced to acknowledge the existence of functions which produce values that break the usual rules and expectations. This is literally the worst example I could have picked, but I picked it in order to prove how deeply ingrained this is. If you simply tell the student that we are switching contexts from a known closed game of mathematics in which you can go anywhere within the membrane to an unknown and radically open universe in which there are some spaces that we currently cannot conceptualize into a game, and therefore must use experimental techniques, it will come across to the student much easier. But because the primary technique for teaching these things is repetition, and not an engagement of the basic principal which is curiosity itself, the individual act of curiosity gets confused with boring and authoritative submission. You see, in nature repetition occurs as a consequence of the individual's curiosity. Naturally, an individual interested in a certain truth will have an experimental attitude, and the whole industry of mathematics is supposed to be a toolbox that helps the individual in their own pursuit. But by focusing on repetition without engaging the fundamental impulses which these tools were originally created to support, you weaken and dull the natural impulse of curiosity and experimentation and you associate them with suppression and authority.

The issue fundamentally is with compelled repetition, and why the education system relies so heavily on compelled repetition. We realize as students, when being given homework, that the work we are tasked with requires the application and mastery of the skill or knowledge that the class is teaching. The way that the brain learns is really something of a mystery, but we know that putting it in direct confrontation with a problem or set of problems will do it. We insist as parents, as teachers, as caretakers of children, as pillars of society, that there must be some kind of general education and a set of fundamental skills and a knowledge base which every developing child must have in order to function as a citizen of society. We may disagree here or there about what kind of education that children in public schools are subjected to, but fundamentally we all agree that children need to be subjected to education as a necessity. We all remember going through school, and we all hated doing homework, but once you found a subject you were really interested in it wasn't so bad, and if you were lucky you were able to go to college and be subjected to work in a field that you really were interested in and enjoy working for.

But just because things turn out a certain way in the end doesn't mean that it was all for the best. Sometimes we need to get real about ways in which we can do better, for ourselves and for the next generation. Sometimes we need to unearth some of the fundamental prejudices and biases which may be holding us back as a society and as members of humanity. Which is why, even when things seem to turn out fine, we have an obligation to question and challenge the fundamental assumptions and operations that we as a society go on. And the first question that we must ask ourselves now is:

Why are we in a situation in which education is something that children must be subjected to?

Let's read the question carefully. The question is not "Why do children experience education as oppressive?". The question is not about the psychological experience of the power dynamics. What I'm really asking here is about the nature of the situation. Even stepping outside the issue of public education, there is a natural desire as a parent or a teacher that we must impart the wisdom and skills that we have accumulated in our lives to our children. Our feelings are that we must help the young to grow and develop in such a way that they will live successful and joyful lives. We wish for them to not make the same mistakes that we have made in our lives. Even though they may not like it right now, in the long run it is good for them. They will thank us when they are older. I am asserting that this is a false narrative that we tell ourselves to avoid the question. The last few decades should have made it obvious that nobody knows anything what the world will look like when the kids grow up. But that's a whole different subject.

What I'm asking is what kind of situation are WE in, to where we must force THEM to do something regardless of if they want to or not? Why do we, as parents, feel better when our kids develop an interest in science and engineering fields as opposed to videogames or music? Is it for financial security in the future? Why would a parent be thinking about the child's financial security in the future before it even becomes a problem? And don't most financial problems as an adult come from addictions that originate as coping patterns when you were a child? Why do we feel like our children must succeed? And what do we mean when we say "succeed"? Is the child's life really successful if most of it is spent preoccupied in things they are not really interested in?

What I'm trying to get at is NOT really some kind of sentiment about chasing your dreams and letting your kids do whatever they want. To get right to my real point, I think that our failure as parents and teachers to our children extend out of this lack of insight about the effect of repetition without the integration of subjective purpose.

Collect ether (nether) by surfing on geometric surface area with a cool ripple effect. Maybe the geometry deteriorates after it has been sucked. And then you can blow it into the creation of new areas. Maybe some choices regarding the creation or consumation of the world.

Dark mage-esque cloak with runes that give buffs. The runes are culturally modern.

VR headset puts giant player against smaller players, body and hand movements lerp slowly to their irl position.

Username: DeviousDevotion

You begin at the edge of the map, which is a circular construct with barriers that the player must dissolve using energy/nether he collects, transforming an initially linear progression into a much broader space which includes the previous space from the external layers, until the player arrives at the center, which may be a pit into a new world. Or, we will have the player circle the entire gamespace at the beginning, but the space will be infinitely expanding from the center.

WALPHADOMPHADISLEQESHA WELCOME TO 104.K9 HOPE YOU'RE ENJOYING OUR RELAXING (PEOM ZOOM ZOW), AMBIENT, DEEP FOCUS RADIO STATION, UP NEXT IS A KILLER (K-K-KILLER-R-R) RELAXING BEAT BY THE VIX

Maybe you draw patterns with your movement to do some attacks.

It has made my life bearable enough to get this far, and so that I may honor and love this thing that has kept me alive through so much despair and suffering, I must make it all worth it and redeem it all in this moment.

I have the highest expectations of my players.

I am that which transforms always. It is difficult to belong to a community if you are this way. A community must be full of the same goals, same interests. Same people?

Younger generations will live in a time when nobody ever meets up in person.

Keyword is Fundamental.

Sideways gas orientation in gear 2. Circular strafing. Can't change in air.

The game is about circular movement. Samsara. A journey into the void. Maybe you will accompany others on their journey.

Remove the stigma, and become once again like a child.

"It's not about encouraging weakness. It is because we know that we can do better, that we must do better."

"Remeber what it means, not exactly what it is."

Being given a choice is important as a geasture.

Society is a CANCER RESISTANCE EFFECT. If the individual nodes understood how to connect and propogate properly, there is no need for it.

You can't be a real gamer without having a heart of gold.

FPS sword swing context with mouse delta

lose the tools that give you freedom, put it back together

Only through the enclosure of a system is the experience of freedom possible. Freedom is the sound of life exploring its own limits. Without the definition of a limit, there is no condition for limitlessness. The imagination works to map out the curves and folds of the great Other.

Left Mouse grapple, Right Mouse "Blades out"

Falling gently, spinning into the title drop

High startup, stopping in midair, redirectional boost in dive mode

Charge your BoostJump

Narcissism really is just impotence and incompetence collapsing in on itself like a black hole.

I just happened to be born the very instant one crosses over the event horizon.

"Cyberspace Wizards" "Ethereal Synthwave" "Psychedelic Simulation" "Divine Program" "Neon Divinity" "Porter Robinson's Sad Machine"

Remember mixups

/imagine prompt: https://i.pinimg.com/564x/f0/b7/8e/f0b78e8e06265f87abbca79f9fc56b0f.jpg virtual arcane assassin:: in the style of Assassin's Creed, 3d cel shading, isolation, the absence of identity, the call to adventure --q 2 --ar 16:9

It took me 3 years to realize that I realized something 3 years ago without realizing it. The truck crossed the bridge before the bridge was built. The water gets recycled even if you don't recycle it. Your body reacts to the snake before you see it. Your body knows when you're lying to yourself EVEN IF YOU DON'T KNOW THAT YOU ARE.

i'VE DISCOVERED HOW TO MAKE EVERYONE HATE ME.

A sucker is born every minute.

I don't need any instrument to jam out.

It's an existential conflict.

Difference in attention (ADHD) is whether new thing is dangerous or not. Is the new thing a tiger jumping at me or is it a friend yelling "Surprise! Your birthday!"? Is it urgent or not? Everything is an emergency, in a socially acceptable way. 

WHAT IS SOCIALLY ACCEPTABLE BUT IS IN REALITY UNBEARABLE?

I've never really explained my "situation" to anyone before, because its something that is hard to understand for most people and by and large it is generally considered rude to dump your issues on other people.

It has to do with narcissism, and the way that people currently think about narcissism. My grandfather was a narcissist. My mother learned narcissism from him. There is a multi-generational genetic story of abuse and existential confusion that I have to tell in order for someone to understand the situation I am in.

My mother and I were very close. In fact, we were too close. It is technically correct now to say that we had an incestuous, parentifying kind of relationship, where I functioned for her in ways that my father did not (emotionally) and served as her confidant on many long conversations which were coloured in a kind of existential despair that you are simply not supposed to expose young children to. On top of this, she had many mental health issues such as ADHD, Bipolar, Manic Depression and all that jazz. These are labels that we can use to identify her symptoms in retrospect, but from my perspective back then she was simply Mom. I knew that she needed my help, and that any issues I might be having in school or in my own life were small compared to how much pain she was in.

However, at the same time we were somewhat adversarial. She would criticise me very harshly. I remember when I was young she tried to teach me piano, and she would get very nasty. She had no patience or frustration tolerance for me. In retrospect, what strikes me is that she actually is pretty sub-average at piano. It's like how she will get upset at the pileup of dishes, when the main contributor to the pileup is actually her. 

To add to the confusion, she was also very active in my early school life. During my early years my ability to make real friends was heavily impaired by the fact that she was always present, and organizing events and parties and etc that made the other kids like me for completely the wrong reason, while drawing a lot of attention to herself. I was profoundly confused as to why she was on much better behavior around other kids and adults than to me.

At some point as an early teenager, I realized that I was kind of fucked. I was introverted, would basically talk to nobody, and played videogames as much as I could when I was home. I was bitter, judgemental towards others, and had no interest in socializing and was generally filled with negativity. I realized in a moment of self-awareness that I was exactly like my parents, both in terms of existential disposition and emotional maturity, bitching about the world through the lens of Fox News while being a piece of shit myself. I knew that I was a terrible person, who probably looked cringeworthy and deplorable from the outside. But I swore that I would do the work to undo the damage, and that I would not involve anyone else until I felt better. I read psychology online, self-help books, talked on message boards. It's dramatic in retrospect, but I imposed quarantine on myself way before anyone else.

Now, I made good progress this way. I changed completely, in some sense. Where my first instinct was to express criticism and negativity, I taught myself to be patient and act kind. I behaved the opposite of what I saw my parents to be, but in retrospect I did not go far enough. They were antisocial, and had no friends. They had no interest in things outside family affairs and politics. The only family bonding that seemed to occur was when we complained about something, some other people or problem like the weather. Other than that, the interactions were awkward. My father is emotionally mute, and my mother seems to live in her own fantasy world in which I am forced to participate in occassionally unless I wanted to suffer one of her tantrums.

Despite this, it was also subtle yet apparent that I was the redeeming light of this family. I was the only thing that they really loved, which is a blessing and also a curse. I felt pressured to succeed in school, even though I felt like garbage most of the time. I was proud of myself that I was mature enough to help talk my mother through her most depressive episodes. I read many things online such as philosophic texts, maslow's hierarchy of needs, basically anything that could HELP. You know, I just had a little bit of a savior complex pulling myself up by my bootstraps and lightening the burden on the family by supporting my Mother emotionally with her nearly suicidal thoughts and not being too much of a disappointment on my Father, who was in his second marriage and a whole bunch of other things that made him tired and frustrated with life.

So I have no problems, and I can help you with yours. That's who I am. More importantly, who I have to be. I thought of myself like a hero, in the most naive, childish way you allow yourself to believe in such things, but I was serious about it. I had to carry. Alone, I had to succeed. Not with help from others, but by myself. If you had to help me, then I've failed you. 

Listen, what I'm about to say is important. I was who I HAD to be, not who I WANTED to be. The difference in those two words is the most important thing to take away from this.

I was never truly in a moment in which I could ask myself who I wanted to be or what I wanted out of life. Not really, not even when someone asks you at school or if you ask yourself. I had no concept of what pursuing what you want, and if you're lucky even getting it, actually FEELS like. Because every second of every moment in life is occupied with getting at the light at the end of the tunnel. How? How do we get out of this suffering? Why can't we move forward? Who is holding us down? How do we get to a better place?

Pain. Just pain. Their pain. My pain. The pain I'm inflicting on others. The pain they're inflicting on me. The pain of not knowing whether it's intentional or not. The pain of biting into my cuticles. The pain of rubbing my knuckles into callouses. The pain of bouncing my leg restlessly because keeping them still hurts even more. The pain of life itself, knowing intimately somehow how precious it is, being wasted because of reasons that it knows it can't help, but it MUST TRY.

(a few minutes of confused thoughts)

And I am a waste. That is the feeling. Because these people are not worth saving. They are terrible people. They are not the victims. They are not people you should be feeling sorry for. They are not compassionate, competent, or interesting. They are shallow. They have nothing to share. They are skin deep, emotionally deprived, eggshell people that are unpleasant and taxing to be around.

But I wanted to have a regular happy family. I wanted to have a mother who was happy, and wasn't so tortured that she tortued me and my father. I wanted to be a success for my father not that he would be proud of me, but that he would have SOMETHING to be proud of in his life, everything otherwise turning into a disappointment. God knows, this man will not play videogames with me or really do anything besides things that involve toil and frustration.

And there were happy times. We watched shows that we liked. Me and my dad watched some cartoons together. He would play some games with me. Me and my mother would have funny and profound conversations sometimes. The family's sense of humor at that time was sardonic, but not crude. My father seemed to dislike the usage of curse words very strongly. Which means he also disliked getting upset enough to use them. Which means he just shuts down and watches TV mostly. But so did I, and we liked the same shows. I'm pretty sure he never fucked my mother while I was alive.

But the result of this is that I am emotionally uncoordinated. I have become mute, only saying what is necessary, and not saying anything unnecessary. What has not been spoken has now been forgotten, but the feeling remains. It is a source of endless nervous energy. It is the concentrated meaning of the word Unfulfillment.

God, I'm so tired from writing this. I'll keep going tomorrow.

You are overcached.

All experience comes from within.

What's your definition of an Object?

I have somehow learned to create what I ignore.

It's like God pointed at this group of people and said "Ok, whatever it is that these people want and wish for in thier lives, just give them opposite of that."

It's almost as if

It's almost as if the event itself is the signal.

The machine elves will try to get you to the Truth either through evidence or humor. Capital e Evidence is a big commodity in religious agrarian communities. Lowercase H humor is the big commodity in wayward nomad pre-neolithic tribes. Communities stay, tribes move.

The feeling you're supposed to have when you get a hug. The release. To be held onto, so that you may let go.

You need to bitch and moan yourself into a good place.

This uncontrollable, infinite, expanding dick energy. One must strive for the infinite.

Just do things you haven't done before.

Why react as if it is a bad thing?

Your interface with the world is already virtual. I mean, even more than most people.

The number 1 sits at a crossroads between linear one-dimensional counting, scaling two-dimensional multiplication, and ambiguous three-dimensional calculus.

Programming other humans is actually just expressing your needs.

You became defensive because somebody told you to stop being defensive.

The idea is just Smooth.

The only way we really learn is by bumping up against rules and errors.

I'm the Misogynist you're looking for. Read Me.

Narcissists have lost the sense that spoken words have meaning (we've lost the meaning of the word "meaning", "significance", etc). You can speak yourself into being a certain way, into a certain "being".

People who are on the edge are really the only people who will give you an honest reaction.

Everything that you see with your eyes is your eyes feeling the world. Your eyes are contact through light. Your ears are contact through vibration. Your mouth is contact through substance. Your nose is contact through pheramones. Your skin is original contact. The mind is theoretical contact.

Allow the pain to transform you.

A shortage of abundance. Too privileged to desire.

Seeking is manifesting.

Look at a list of words that are offensive for 5 minutes.

If you cannot accept that there are facts, you cannot change. The fact that you change, is a fact. It is not an opinion.

"shaders" "depthers" "gradienters"

De-contextualization.

SelfFreedom

MovementState

|           \

CameraState  CameraState

All this time, I just didn't understand what I was asking for. That's confusion. 

Fighting is running. And running is also fighting. The best method of fighting always involves running away. The best way to run away is to fight back in the Jaws of Despair. 

Inquiry is also manifesting what you're inquiring into. Don't be lazy. Just get crazy. In order to sing you must be brave.

You don't know what you want? Or do you not know what you SHOULD want?

"What should I want?" What is the point of this question? What does "should" mean? Are we really just pretending that others have control over us so that we can entertain an idea of having control over the world?

which one of us is dreaming?

The origin of The Sound *points to chest*

what if every soul is a black hole and looking out into space is actually looking within?

Friendship is a romance, not an accomplishment/social category/alignment/ or an addiction. The extended family is the only pure family, consisting in radical acceptance, good will, emotional safety, and deep compassion. Blood family is always blackened by subconscious expectations of others, entitlement, serious roleplaying, and guilt. 

Repetition is not punishment

The Shape of my confidence. What true confidence feels like. Neon Riders philter

Humanities gets the pleasure advantage.

Invisible rules.

This is a story about Hidden Power within.

“After a certain high level of technical skill is achieved, science and art tend to coalesce in aesthetics, plasticity and form.”

Alien game

The way in which the mind figures out how to explain things is inexplicable.

Culture culture. Cre-order.

A Journey to Remember some thing Forgotten.

The fundamental advantage emerges out of the illusion of childhood. The material conditions of human success is, in reality, immaterial.

I can't invest into my own work? How fucking ridiculous is that?

NATURAL E FUNCTIONS DESCRIBES THE DIFFERENCE IN POINTS OF VIEW

Mandatory player gametime pacing

E

SUCCESS MEANS IN MY MIND THERE HAS NEVER BEEN AUTHORITY

During this time last century

"Observation space" in fighting

I want to open a school chain and call it Stupid Therapy Inc.

It's kind of weird that you're not disallowed to double major two different things

false difference between words

normal doesn't make sense to me

true health comes from pain

You must reject everything, even yourself.

Blinders have to given out to the public in the form of videogames.

it's safe to assume the other person hasn't been told certain things about life

Spiritual thinking is meta

Prediction is a kind of submission to fate

Your identity is "no identity". The most narcissistic position. There is no reason for two heads of God to exist in the same place.

Your experience was real.

Not "what should I have done?" but "what did I actually want?"

We don't know how to search our feelings. We are only searching our meanings. Google search what you are thinking and feeling, not what others are thinking and feeling.

Searching is word creating

As a general preface, the concept features a grapple and some kind of dynamic momentum system that reduces player control as velocity increases, but gives the player tools such as a grapple to control and redirect their velocity. The fundamental goal was to try to mechanically evolve the "movement" component of modern movement shooters into something that scales in 3D space. You can see the present limitation of high velocity movement in games such as the Sonic franchise where the goal of level design becomes to restrict movement rather than design tools which the player can then master to control it.

My basic assumption and belief is that "movement" in games is the most fundamental thing that we are exploring as the video game industry evolves. Whether it is the strategic calculation surrounding player moves, or the efficiency and speed with which the player moves, or the memorized pattern movement in a boss battle, or the trained movement of practiced command inputs in fighting games, a player feels somehow in videogames that there is a vast game space in which they can "move" freely. I think the best example of this kind of magic lives inside the phenomenon of competitive Super Smash Bros. Melee, which almost seems to have an infinite amount of ways a player can master and express themselves through the movement of their character. Such a game can only be made by a director and designer like Masahiro Sakurai, who has such a profound and intimate consideration for the player. Even before he began his own Youtube channel for game design, he was a great inspiration for me and my understanding of game design.

I began with a vague image in my head of a game I wanted to play: a combination of the Pathfinder grapple from Apex Legends and the charge mechanic from Kirby Air Ride. Some kind of loop where velocity was gained from grappling​ skillfully and that "kinetic energy" could charged as "potential energy" and be used by the player to propel themselves or shoot lasers or use abilities or whatever. I wanted inertia to be a resource the player could store into a consumable meter so that it could be used skillfully to generate even more velocity and so on, essentially incentivizing movement itself as the basic game loop. To make things more complicated for myself but ultimately to bring the game where the market is, I also wanted it to work with and feel like conventional analog aim strafe controls.

Actually, there is another reason why  I wanted to use strafe controls in my game. Ever since I started learning mouse and key controls in Apex Legends after a long gaming history in Smash Bros. of handheld controllers, I have been absolutely fascinated by strafing and the way you aim with the mouse. It is truly a completely different interface, and I believe there is even a difference in the very attitude of the player across player-controller interfaces. There is a greater emphasis on player attention and precision, rather than reaction and anticipation, due to how much more control a human can have when they are aiming not only with their fingers but with their entire arm. It was so interesting just to experience the ​physicality ​of learning a completely different way to interface with the game. Not only did I need to train my arm with Kovaak's and fix my posture, but ​my eyes had to look at the screen differently.​ I felt a sense of awe for the marvel of the phenomenon of videogaming itself that I hadn't felt in a long time. I knew somehow in the motion of the analog control that there is a greater potential.

THESE WORDS TASTE LIKE INTELLIGENCE TO ME, I'M SURE THAT MEANS EVERYONE ELSE WILL AUTOMATICALLY AGREE WITH MY ASSESSMENT OF WHAT MAKES SENSE WITHOUT EXPLAINATION

Trauma makes you less than human

With AI, we have arrived at the End of the World

"it is Information" vs "it is Feeling"

Air quotes in my mind

Let's bring this Madness down a notch

The organism's nervous system has always already been insufficient to handle the present situation. Always already a failure. YOUR job, today, is to figure out how to improve for tomorrow.

Yes, YOUR job. What is YOUR job? YOUR job is to figure out what THEIR job is, and to cease and desist all industry that is COUNTERPRODUCTIVE.

614500161156
